I've worked in and around the Apple industry since the early 90s. In the late 90s, as many others did, I left Apple. My last role at Apple was as the Internet Evangelist, I worked with an amazing group of people within and Apple, and an absolutely stellar group of developers outside of Apple. After leaving, I started a consulting business to serve the growing dot.com activity. We focused on rapid prototyping, taking the proverbial napkin sketches and building them into proofs of concept and functional demos to help companies secure further financing.

The next phase was speech recognition. I joined a small startup named MacSpeech. It was a great underdog story with significant competitors like Nuance and IBM and we persevered. In 2005, Apple announce a switch to Intel processors, this provided a great opportunity for MacSpeech to seek aa more capable recognitions engine and we began development on a new product. From the beginning, I led design and development on MacSpeech Dictate. Taking on the role of VP of Product Development, we added MacSpeech Scribe as well as Medical, Legal, and International versions of MacSpeech Dictate.

MacSpeech was acquired by Nuance in 2010 where I continued to lead and manage the development team. Over time my role migrated to that of a user experience architect where I focused on unifying the experience of the Dragon products across Mac, Windows. and iOS.

I left Nuance and returned to consulting work. I continued building on my experience and expertise with speech related technologies. And then things started to change.. the internet was changing. Privacy and security became real issues. Issues that needed to be addressed.

Some former colleagues from Apple were involved in a company named Silent Circle. I contacted them because this is were I wanted to work, this felt like a solution to some of the growing problems on the internet. I got onboard as consultant and then was hired as the Chief Designer for Silent Circle and Blackphone, I was honored to have the opportunity to learn and understand the landscape from both Phil Zimmermann and Jon Callas, and had the opportunity to work with many other superb people. 

Silent Circle and Blackphone began a pivot focused more on the hardware and I returned to consulting. I worked on several privacy focused solutions, finding a great affinity for designing security focused messaging platforms. This brought me to Anonyome Labs, where I performed a complete overhaul of their flagship product, SudoApp. Within the role of Chief Product Architect, I fully redesigned the UX providing a far more streamlined and accessible flow within the app as well as implementing a robust design system. As part of that work I also implemented a much tighter interaction between design and development, allowing us to move from 6 week release cycles down to 2 week cycles.
